[stomping]
[whoosh]
[opening song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
TAKASHI IS A NUISANCE
[violin music playing]
Uh?
Wow, the stars are so beautiful tonight.
[gasps]
Who's there?
I thought I felt someone looking at me.
Oh! Maybe it's a fairy!
Come out, little fairy!
[screams]
[roars]
[Takashi] Hey, Naoko!
Oh, Takashi Yamada.
I heard you went
on another rampage yesterday.
What do you mean?
You know, Gauko.
You saw?
I'm bummed I didn't.
-But I really wanted to see Gauko!
-Hmm.
Hey, can you change into Gauko right now?
That's stupid.
-[Takashi] C'mon.
-[Naoko] No!
Yamada is bugging Naoko.
Seriously?
Could it be...?
[indistinct chatter]
Hey, Naoko.
What is it, Takashi Yamada?
Let's play soccer.
Soccer?
Do I look like I'd play soccer?
Nope, not really.
Then why are you asking me?
If you try it, it'll be fun.
[grunting]
I don't play soccer.
Just try.
Come on. [scoffs]
-Let's play.
-No.
-Why not?
-Because I don't want to.
Takashi Yamada, you shouldn't pressure
people like that.
What do you want, Keisuke Saito?
Naoko is saying she doesn't want to play,
so leave her alone.
Yes, Keisuke Saito is right.
Why not? I'm just asking.
"Why not?"
I hate that phrase!
"Why not?" is the excuse used by people
who don't think things through!
What's your problem?
It's none of your business.
This is between me and Naoko.
No, there is nothing between me and you.
Exactly. If you want to play soccer,
you should ask people
who want to play soccer.
Pipe down and stay out of it!
Whether I stay out of it or not
is my choice.
There is no reason you should be
telling me what to do, Takashi Yamada.
You are so annoying, Keisuke Saito!
Ugh! Stop fighting over my head!
-[Keisuke] We aren't!
-[Takashi] He started it!
Oh! Now what? Keisuke Saito, too?
I guess Naoko is quite popular.
So unfair, babu.
[bell chiming a melody]
-[Takashi] Hey, Naoko.
-[grunts]
You again, Takashi Yamada.
Let's play baseball.
Huh?
If you don't want to play soccer,
then let's play baseball.
Baseball? Why would you think
I like baseball?
Be logical, Takashi Yamada.
Baseball requires
more special skills than soccer
and it's a sport with a higher risk
of getting injured than soccer.
Naoko already said
she doesn't want to play soccer,
so the probability
that she would play baseball is very slim.
You talk too much, Keisuke Saito!
Why do you always have to butt in?
That is because Naoko, me and you,
Takashi Yamada, are classmates.
Classmates seeing each other
at school is inevitable.
You're such a pain!
Yamada and Saito are fighting over Naoko?
The triangle of desire, babu.
The next day...
Hey, Naoko.
Let's jump Double Dutch.
Not doing it!
But it's Double Dutch!
What is that?
Two people swing two ropes and you jump.
It's so cool.
I still don't get it.
Doesn't that mean
you need three people?
-Yep.
-So you, me, and who else?
Oh, I still need to ask someone.
Why did you ask me first?
You've got to be kidding me.
Octopus, octopus.
-Woe. Ooh!
-[sizzling]
Yummy!
The best!
Hey, Naoko.
You want to go extreme ironing?
-Huh?
-Extreme ironing.
What is that?
[Takashi] It's a sport where you iron
in very dangerous places.
Huh? What's so fun about that?
For starters, let's go to the roof
and iron outside the railing.
No way!
SCHOOL COUNSELOR OFFICE
And, the next day...
What is troubling you?
Well, there's this one boy
who keeps harassing me.
Ah, a stalker, I see.
Oh, no. I wouldn't call him that.
He keeps asking you to go
on a date with him, right?
It's not like that.
But he keeps asking me
to play all sorts of sports with him.
Ah, I see. Then he's a sports pusher.
Is that really a thing?
No, I just made it up right now.
No matter how many times I say no,
he keeps asking.
What should I do?
When does he ask you?
During recess
or on my way to or from school.
Which means he hasn't come
to your house yet?
-[Naoko] No.
-If he continues to pester you like this,
you’ll have to join a curling team
with your mom.
I want to do something about it
before it gets to that.
Yes, but you see...
I'm here to listen to your problems,
not to solve them.
[sighs]
[spaceship wailing]
[Naoko] I see those sad eyes
and my heart doubles over,
my heart in Double Dutch...
Oh such irony,
such extreme ironing...
Ah! This isn't poetry!
[groaning]
This is bad.
Takashi Yamada has gotten to me.
-[knocks]
-Huh?
[screams]
Hey, Naoko!
Takashi Yamada!
You've come to my house!
You've crossed the line!
What are you talking about?
Why are you at my window?
This is the second floor!
I bouldered up to your window.
-See?
-Huh?
You should do it with me.
You've got to be kidding me!
Why do you keep asking?
‘Cause you spend too much of your time
alone doing lots of nothing
It's not very healthy.
None of your business!
That’s probably why
you talk to yourself so much.
I’ve even seen you yap it up it in public,
yakety yak yak--
Whoa, hold on a minute! Have you been
laughing at me behind my back?
Yup!
You have no right
[groaning] to make fun of anybody!
-[roars]
-[screams]
[groans]
[gasps]
Yes!
I finally got to meet Gauko!
[roars]
[laughs] I did it!
I finally got to see Gauko!
Trying to get Naoko angry
finally paid off!
[roaring]
-[Takashi screams]
-[Gauko growls]
This is kind of amazing!
What's with Takashi Yamada?
He's a weirdo, babu.
[Naoko] Takashi Yamada,
you will not be forgiven.
[repeating]
Takashi Yamada, you will not be forgiven.
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪